# Exercise 2-2: Initial Markup 

This is an In-Class Exercise. You are encouraged to work with a partner for this exercise, however you may do it alone.  You won't need to turn this assignment in, but you will have an individual homework assignment that is very similar that will be due soon (see the Assignments section in myCourses).

Below are some general steps that you should follow, but they are not exact.  Use your knowledge from the reading and today's review to achieve the goals below.

Please ask your professor, the teaching assistant or your neighbor for help if you get stuck (or if you discover something interesting that you might want to share with the rest of the class).

## Do the following:
1. Create a new folder called **game**
2. Make a new HTML file within that folder called **index.html**
3. Copy and paste the provided 'starter text' from here: [digdug.txt](digdug.txt) into your file.
4. Add the necessary `<html>` `<head>` and `<body>` tags to your page.
5. Preview your page in a browser.
    - the text will all run together in a single paragraph unless you added other tags, which is fine.
6. Add heading elements `<h1>`, paragraphs `<p>`, line breaks `<br>`, and block quotes `<blockquote>`.
7. Preview.

## If you get done early:
- Continue to add other formatting/structural elements... 
    - Avoid the temptation to try to use layout related HTML for now.  Focus on dividing the text appropriately into sections.
or
- Browse http://mobygames.com or http://boardgamegeek.com for another game (digital or analog) that you'd like to use as a data source for your own homework assignment.  
    - You can go right ahead and begin the assignment now if you want, recording the main URL of the page and picking and choosing a few snippets.  Look for:  A short description paragraph, and list of info/features that you can pick a few from, a review that you can pull an amusing quote from (ideally one that you can link to), and a few representative images.  We'll cover adding images next.
    
### Navigation
[Return to Sessions 2-2](../sessions/2-2.md)
